Modify rule S2076: Change text to the education framework format[JS/TS][APPSEC-195] (#1358)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2076/javascript/how-to-fix-it/nodejs.adoc

=== How to fix it in Node.js

include::../../common/fix/code-rationale.adoc[]

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
const { execSync } = require('child_process');

cmd = req.query.cmd
execSync(cmd) // Noncompliant
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
const { spawnSync } = require('child_process');

const cmdId = parseInt(req.query.cmdId)
let host = req.query.host
host = typeof host === "string"? host : "example.org"

const allowedCommands = [
    {exe:"/bin/ping", args:["-c","1","--"]},
    {exe:"/bin/host", args:["--"]}
]
const cmd = allowedCommands[cmdId]
spawnSync(cmd.exe, cmd.args.concat(host))
----

=== How does this work?

include::../../common/fix/introduction.adoc[]

include::../../common/fix/pre-approved-list.adoc[]

In the example compliant code, a static list of trusted commands is used. Users are only allowed to

> submit an index in this array in place of a full command name.

Author: Not a fan of this.

:sanitizationLib: child_process.spawn
include::../../common/fix/sanitize-meta-characters.adoc[]

In the example compliant code, the `spawn` function from `child_process` is used in place of its less
secure `exec` counterpart. It accepts command arguments as an array and
performs a proper escaping of its element before building the command line to
run.

> **Important note**: Because JavaScript is a loosely typed language, extra care

Reviewer: This could fit a new section to emphasize its importance.

I suggest we do something along these lines:

 ```suggestion
 ==== Important: string casting in JavaString
 
Because JavaScript is a loosely typed language, extra care
```

Author: Not a fan of that. This is not really a how to fix subsection but more of a "pitfall" or so.
